# Meeting agenda

Course name: CM 2020

Tutor group number: 6

Team number: 52

## 12 Nov 2022

Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                                                                                |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Introduction - 15min                                                                                                                           |
| Description      | Each team member presented themselves and their programming experience                                                                         |
| Discussion       | The main programming language by all of the members was chosen - Javascript. The type of the app - Web app. The main tools - Git, Gantt Chart. |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                          |     |
| ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
| Agenda item/Time | Ideas sharing - 1h 15min                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Description      | 3 members prepared their speech for possible project.                                                                                                                                                    |
| Discussion       | Elena - immigration web app Freddie - 5 different ideas including map with tags from wiki, clone repository app. Pablo - optimizer web app for the game 'league of legends'. The team chose Pablo's idea |
| Action Points    | Elena - meeting minutes (by 14th Nov) Pablo - description of the project (by 14th Nov). Everybody - decide the next step on Slack.                                                                       |

This meeting managed to:

1. Learn about programming experience of each member.
2. Discuss the ideas for possible project.
3. Choose the idea for the project.
4. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to discussing the project in depth and define the timescale
   of work in detail. Also the roles would be given according to the strengths of each member.

## 19 Nov 2022

Team members present/absent: 4/1

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | First prototype in Excel - 38 min                                                                                                                                         |
| Description      | Pablo made first prototype in Excel for team members to better understand the visual side of the app                                                                      |
| Discussion       | There was a discussion about extra stats and ability levels. Also which features could be added for more advanced version of the app.                                     |
| Action Points    | Pablo - a good prototype of the web app in Figma (by 26 Nov). Pablo + Tucker - look through the dataset from API and realise what can and cannot be extracted (by 26 Nov) |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Agenda item/Time | Brainstorm (questions for our questionnaire) - 10 min                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Description      | We brainstormed questions for the survey in order to gather information from our potential users.                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Discussion       | There were some good points about familiarity with other games from RIOT or use of optimization or calculators for other games and which platform players use for this game. Also, we talked about structure of these questions and the need for market research to be combined with our survey. |
| Action Points    | Isabella: questions for the survey in the right order - ready for send (by 26 Nov). Freddie: market research                                                                                                                                                                                     |

|                  |                                                                                                              |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Agenda item/Time | Scope of the project (section 4 of the report) - 2 min                                                       |
| Description      | Elena made that section ready but with the addition of new features there was a need to update this section. |
| Discussion       | We decided to look through this section next meeting.                                                        |
| Action Points    | Elena - updated scope of the project (by 26 Nov)                                                             |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Documentation repo - 10 min                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| Description      | Freddie prepared the way of dealing with the documents and also proposed jitsi instead of zoom not to be interrupted each meeting with the limitation of 40 minutes                                                                                                    |
| Discussion       | Freddie found markdown extension for VSCode and we all agreed to use it for our project.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| Action Points    | Everybody - download the extension (by 26 Nov) Elena - meeting minutes (by 22 Nov). Everybody - read the discussion between Elena and Pablo on slack to better understand the app and watch the webinar on week 10 to better understand the report writing (by 26 Nov) |

This meeting we managed to:

1. Gain a better understanding in the app that we are going to build.
2. Gather the questions for the survey.
3. Realise which platforms we are going to use for our project documentation.
4. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to define the timescale of work in detail. Also the roles
   would be given according to the strengths of each member.

## 26 Nov 2022

Team members present/absent: 5/0

|                  |                                                                                                     |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Documentation / github - 5 min                                                                      |
| Description      | Freddie gave a brief summary of vs code markdown extension and walked us through the github folders |

|                  |                                                                                                                    |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --- |
| Agenda item/Time | Data from API - 20 min                                                                                             |     |
| Description      | Tucker went through the data from API that our team wanted to use later and found some problems.                   |
| Discussion       | The data is irrelevant as lots of things are not covered there in order to be able to do calculations for our app. |
| Action Points    | Freddie - web scraping (by 3 Dec). Tucker - section about specifications (by 3 Dec)                                |

|                  |                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | First responses from questionnaire - 15 min                                                 |
| Description      | Isabella sent the survey to some slack channels and got some feedback.                      |
| Discussion       | The coverage was small (17 responses). The team decided to update it and send it on reddit. |
| Action Points    | Isabella + Pablo - update the questionnaire and send it on reddit (by 3 Dec)                |

|                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agenda item/Time | Planning - 10 min                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Description      | We marked the hard deadline - 25 Dec - even though the midterm. deadline is 9 Jan.                                                                                                                        |
| Discussion       | Each team member chose the section of the proposal that they are responsible for.                                                                                                                         |
| Action Points    | Elena - meeting minutes (by 29 Nov). Isabella - objectives and requirements. Freddie - planning and market research. Pablo - prototypes. Elena - scope and analysis and outcomes. Tucker - specifications |

This meeting we managed to:

1. Plan briefly who is responsible for which task
2. Discover some problems with the dataset
3. Realise that the questionnaire should be updated
4. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to define the timescale of work in detail and look through
   the progress that was made by each team member.

## 3 Dec 2022

|                  |     |
| ---------------- | --- |
| Agenda item/Time |     |
| Description      |     |
| Discussion       |     |
| Action Points    |     |

|                  |     |
| ---------------- | --- |
| Agenda item/Time |     |
| Description      |     |
| Discussion       |     |
| Action Points    |     |

|                  |     |
| ---------------- | --- |
| Agenda item/Time |     |
| Description      |     |
| Discussion       |     |
| Action Points    |     |

|                  |     |
| ---------------- | --- |
| Agenda item/Time |     |
| Description      |     |
| Discussion       |     |
| Action Points    |     |

### Other Notes

My proposal for our next meeting (19th Nov):
Pablo will walk us through the first prototype
We will assign somebody to make a good prototype in any tool, for example, Figma
We will brainstorm the questions for the questionnaire and assign someone to create the questionnaire and to send it.
I will show what I wrote for the section “Scope” for our report.
We will choose one more section from the report and will assign it to someone to make.
Freddie will walk us through the main points on the documentation repo

<!-->

Example of meeting notes:
This meeting managed to:

1. Review what the team had done so far.
2. Discuss the current situation and decide on the next steps
3. Decide who is doing what.
4. Set clear action points so that everyone knows what they’re doing by when and it was all within the space of
   1 hour.
5. In the next meeting the group would allocate time to discussing the market analyses, giving feedback, and
   deciding whether more work was needed or if the team could move on to the next stage. Notice that the
   team members were working to their strengths -- Sarah might be good at summarising and have good
   written English, while the team members doing market analyses might know a bit about the market they will
   be analysing. Speaking other languages is a particular bonus - it is much easier to analyse the Indonesian
   market if you can understand local publications rather than relying on international information in English.
   -->
